# ProjectG2
With the proliferation of satellite imagery technology and availability, the field of remote sensing has developed into a dynamic and prominent factor for decision-makers within the private sector, the military, and politics. Specifically, remote sensing is the process of identifying objects and gathering information at a distance through the use of aerial and/or satellite imaging. As such, this field offers extensive areas of study. One specific area of interest is that of land use and land cover changes (LULCC). LULCC reflects anthropogenic forcing behaviors on the Earth’s surface. They are the main contributor to global climate change and are viewed as one of the influential environmental issues for worldwide consideration. As a result, an accurate and timely analysis of LULCC is integral in minimizing the negative impacts of climate change. 
The current research pertaining to LULCC is predominantly focused on an in depth analysis of the accuracy of various Deep Learning (DL) techniques applied to remote sensing images (Comber et al., 2012). Or, the research is focused on analyzing differences in classifications over a temporal variable period to identify effects of climate change, deforestation, etc. (Zoungrana et al., 2015). However, there is seemingly minimal previous research in the discussion and extraction of the specific features that enable the classifications and resulting accuracy of the employed Deep Learning models for LULCC. It should be noted that similar research into how a Deep Learning model classifies a specific image set is starting to be conducted; however, thus far the research has been a pilot study focused on medical ultrasound image classification (Dong et al., 2021). Even so, we deem it imperative to conduct a similar study specific to LULCC image classification. As such, we seek to identify and extract the influential features and regions of interest (ROIs) specific to Deep Learning classification of LULCC satellite images. We believe that successful identification of these features and ROIs will better enable future LULCC efforts to mitigate the negative impacts of climate change on our agricultural and farmland areas.
